chore: Add 3.2.2.4 changelog (#5947)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/breaking-changes/32x.md

`session_cookie_renew` | Removed, no replacement parameter. 
`session_cookie_maxsize` | Removed, no replacement parameter. 
`session_strategy` | Removed, no replacement parameter. 
`session_compressor` | Removed, no replacement parameter. 

## Patch release breaking changes

> #### 3.2.2.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 3.2.2.4
```

> * **Ubuntu 18.04 support removed**: Support for running Kong Gateway on Ubuntu 18.04 ("Bionic") is now deprecated,

Author: ```suggestion
* **Ubuntu 18.04 support removed**: Support for running {{site.base_gateway}} on Ubuntu 18.04 ("Bionic") is now deprecated,
```

> * **Ubuntu 18.04 support removed**: Support for running Kong Gateway on Ubuntu 18.04 ("Bionic") is now deprecated,

Reviewer: You'll want to move "vale off" to the top of the file, and don't apply these variables. We don't use variables in the changelog since we don't want to change the product name here, if it ever needs changing - it's a snapshot in time.

> * **Ubuntu 18.04 support removed**: Support for running Kong Gateway on Ubuntu 18.04 ("Bionic") is now deprecated,

Author: @lena-larionova This Vale error is on the new breaking changes page, which is why I used the variable.

> * **Ubuntu 18.04 support removed**: Support for running Kong Gateway on Ubuntu 18.04 ("Bionic") is now deprecated,

Reviewer: 🤦‍♀️ yep, yep you're right. I totally missed that.

as [Standard Support for Ubuntu 18.04 has ended as of June 2023](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Releases).

> Starting with Kong Gateway 3.2.2.4, Kong is not building new Ubuntu 18.04

Author: ```suggestion
Starting with {{site.base_gateway}} 3.2.2.4, Kong is not building new Ubuntu 18.04
```

images or packages, and Kong will not test package installation on Ubuntu 18.04.

>     If you need to install Kong Gateway on Ubuntu 18.04, see the documentation for

Author: ```suggestion
    If you need to install {{site.base_gateway}} on Ubuntu 18.04, see the documentation for
```

> * **Ubuntu 18.04 support removed**: Support for running {{site.base_gateway}} on Ubuntu 18.04 ("Bionic") is now deprecated,
> as [Standard Support for Ubuntu 18.04 has ended as of June 2023](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Releases).
> Starting with {{site.base_gateway}} 3.2.2.4, Kong is not building new Ubuntu 18.04
> images or packages, and Kong will not test package installation on Ubuntu 18.04.
> 
>     If you need to install {{site.base_gateway}} on Ubuntu 18.04, see the documentation for
>     [previous versions](/gateway/3.1.x/install/linux/ubuntu/).
> - Amazon Linux 2022 artifacts are renamed to Amazon Linux 2023, based on AWS's own renaming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Amazon Linux 2022 to 2023 rename

Amazon Linux 2022 artifacts are renamed to Amazon Linux 2023, based on AWS's own renaming.

#### Ubuntu 18.04 support removed 

Support for running {{site.base_gateway}} on Ubuntu 18.04 ("Bionic") is now deprecated,
as [Standard Support for Ubuntu 18.04 has ended as of June 2023](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Releases).
Starting with {{site.base_gateway}} 3.2.2.4, Kong is not building new Ubuntu 18.04
images or packages, and Kong will not test package installation on Ubuntu 18.04.
```

Copied this from 3.4

`session_cookie_renew` | Removed, no replacement parameter. 
`session_cookie_maxsize` | Removed, no replacement parameter. 
`session_strategy` | Removed, no replacement parameter. 
`session_compressor` | Removed, no replacement parameter. 

> ## Patch release breaking changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Patches
```
Maybe let's just shorten to this. We're not supposed to say "patch releases" anymore.
